Here's another nice little clip that'll
really help you connect your your upper
body, your arms, to the rest of your body
and help you really
stay compact and balance when you run.
Even on a day like today where it's
starting to snow it's late
March in a, in a Boulder.
It's normally a beautiful sunny time. Now
it's is starting to snow a little bit
but we'll get this drill in the can for you guys.
Alright. So what happens with the Velcro Drill is  you
stick your arms to your sides, alright?
As if you have a strip of Velcro
on your forearm and a strip of Velcro in the middle of your chest , you
stick them there. Notice my elbows are sticking out a little bit at the back, my hands are
sticking out a little bit at the front.
and we do the Velcro Drill to attach
the arms to the body
so that we can isolate the torso.
So that the torso can move in unison
with what the pelvis tells it to do.
Because the pelvis is reacting to what it feels to do. So let me give you an
idea of what this looks like.
Alright. So I'm sticking my arms to my side,
my shoulders are down and nice relaxed. I got
that, that nice little forward lean
Alright, the chest is down hold them there and I'm just moving forward nice and easily.
And so what you'll notice will happen is
is that my shoulders turn naturally with
my hip motion, creating this talk that I
need.
And so once I've got that feeling
with my arms nice and compact, with those arms above my waistline keeping them
bent around about ninety degrees
at the back
and a little closer in the front.
Then I can let those arms go, I can
loosen the Velcro and in that way
have that compact loop at that smooth fluid run.
so let me show you how that
looks.
Alright. So I attach those arms to my side
get them stuck.
Alright., as soon as i feel that movement I
loosen them, and then they come nicely
loose from the side and that's what I
got
Alright.
So once again
shoulders stay down
arms stuck to the sides.
Alright, keep them stuck until you feel that  natural connection between
shoulders and hips.
And then loosen them up, so...
This is where we're going stuck, stuck, stuck
Loosen them and it just moves nicely up to
that position.